Adds the ability to link forum accounts (#90441)
tgstation/tgstation: config/config.txt

## Tgui payloads larger than the 2kb limit for BYOND topic requests are split into roughly 1kb chunks and sent in sequence.
## This config option limits the maximum chunk count for which the server will accept a payload, default is 32
TGUI_MAX_CHUNK_COUNT 32

> ## Uncomment and replace with the URL where users can verify their byond accounts
> #FORUM_LINK_URI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uncomment and append the URL where users can verify their byond accounts
#FORUM_LINK_URI
```

Would be nice to also have an example URL/URI but un-necessary
